The less builds an iterator on our list is actually going to be keys and as its name implies it's an
iterator that just returns the keys.
So in the case of the array it's going to just return the index numbers right here and it's not actually
going to return any potential own properties that might be on this array as well only the numbered indexes.
And then for sets it's key and values are the same thing so doing for example asset tracking dot values
and then doing tracking down keys has the same exact result.
And then of course for our map it's going to just return the keys and instead of what it did here and
just returning the value so we can see in the action by typing keys and then we can just paste that.
So we'll copy it bring it down and then bring it down one more time and then say that you can see it
just returns the indexes and then the key is slash values for the search.
And lastly the keys for the map.